When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work
local?

    When collaborating with various teams.
    When you wish to share your work with the open source community.
    For safe storage - in case your laptop fails.
    

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git
automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

    Because you may not wish to automatically pull all the contributions from 
    other engineers - most likely you'd want to manually select them.

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches.  When would you
use one instead of another?

    Forks: used to clone a repository on GitHub only.
    Clones: used to copy a repository either from GitHub to your local drive, 
    	or from within your local drive.
    Branches: used create another workstream based from an existing branch (i.e., master)

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote
stored locally?

    It is beneficial because you can perform a git diff even when you're offline.
    You can know exactly how many more commits have been made when you log back on.

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub?  What would be easier,
and what would be harder?

    It would be easy to collaborate with GitHub for the following reasons:
    	You can assign one person to decide which changes can be merged.
    	You can control which changes make their way into the master branch.
    	You can track changes regardless of where people are working.

    The only hard bit is that you need to train people in how to use Git and GitHub


When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in
master?  What benefits does each approach have?

    When you want to test some code without affecting the master branch which probably 
    already works well.
    It's best to create a branch for an individual software update, bug fix or inclusion 
    of new functionality so that you can trace and control your versions more effectively.
    
